README.md, before:

# Ryūjin Protector

**Ryūjin Protector** is an open-source Bin2Bin obfuscation, protection, and DRM tool for Windows PE binaries targeting the Intel x64 architecture (x86_64 only).

<p align="center">
  <img src="imgs/ryujinreadme.png" alt="Ryūjin Protector Banner" width="70%">
</p>

---
## Overview

Ryūjin is a research-grade protector and obfuscator built to explore Bin2Bin transformation techniques. It is suitable for security researchers, reverse engineers, anti-cheat and anti-tamper developers, and others studying binary protection. Ryūjin focuses on transforming binaries while preserving original program semantics.

---
## Features

- Junk code insertion and code mutation (randomized while preserving original logic)
- IAT call access obfuscation (with obfuscated handler access)
- Random section naming (default: `Ryujin`)
- Mathematical operator virtualization (Ryūjin MiniVM)
- Mathematical operator virtualization with Hyper-V isolation (MiniVM + Hyper-V)
- Encrypted code sections (TeaDelKew algorithm)
- Anti-debug (user-mode and kernel-mode)
- TrollReversers (can induce BSOD during reversing attempts)
- Anti-dump protections
- Anti-disassembly and anti-decompiler techniques
- Memory integrity protection (CRC32-based)
- Custom pass support (includes **MBA-linear Obfuscation Pass** and community passes)
- And more, see the wiki for a complete list

---

## Demos and Presentations

Ryūjin is intended primarily as a study and research tool. Below are small demos showing a `main` function before and after a Ryūjin pass:

![Ryūjin Protector Demo](imgs/demo.png)

> This demo shows one feature; combining multiple features produces stronger obfuscation. See the Ryūjin Wiki for full examples and explanations.

### Modes of use

Ryūjin supports both CLI and GUI:

- **CLI:** Full functionality and advanced options for expert/research users.
- **GUI:** Simplified interface for quick runs (requires `wxWidgets`).

CLI demo:
![Ryūjin Protector Demo Console](imgs/demo2.png)

GUI demo:
![Ryūjin Protector Demo GUI](imgs/demo1.png)

**Input requirements:** a PE executable (EXE) for x64 and its PDB file containing symbols. The PDB is required to enable several transformation passes that rely on symbol information.

---
## Custom Pass Support

Ryūjin supports custom passes through a simple callback model. A custom pass receives a `RyujinProcedure` instance and can modify basic blocks, scopes, or other procedure-level structures.

Example callback signature:

```c++
void RyujinCustomPassDemo(RyujinProcedure* proc);
````

See the class definition here:  
**[RyujinProcedure.hh](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/blob/main/RyujinCore/Ryujin/Models/RyujinProcedure.hh).**

Example usage is included here:  
**[RyujinCustomPasses.hh](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/blob/main/RyujinConsole/RyujinConsole/RyujinCustomPasses.hh#L11).**

No additional configuration changes are required. `RyujinObfuscatorConfig` already exposes the settings needed to register and run custom passes.

---
## Ryūjin Bin2Bin Obfuscator Core - Structure/Design Diagram 

<div style="max-width:100%; max-height:600px; overflow:auto; border:1px solid #ddd; padding:4px;">
  <img src="Diagrams/ryujin_core.png" alt="Large view" style="display:block; max-width:none;">
</div>

---
## Dependencies

Install dependencies via [Microsoft vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg):

```bash
vcpkg install asmjit
vcpkg install zydis
vcpkg install z3
```

Recommended versions for a consistent build environment:

```
asmjit:x64-windows - 2024-06-28
zycore:x64-windows  - 1.5.0
zydis:x64-windows   - 4.1.0
z3:x64-windows      - 4.13.0
```

Optional dependency for the GUI:

- `wxWidgets` - obtain from [https://wxwidgets.org/downloads/](https://wxwidgets.org/downloads/)

---
## Research Paper

The technical paper describing Ryūjin is forthcoming.

**TODO**

---
## Getting Started

For usage examples, flags, advanced options, and full explanations of each feature, see the   
[Ryūjin Wiki](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/wiki/Ry%C5%ABjin-Wiki).

---
## License

**TODO**

Commit message:

feat: Add Research Papper URL on README.md
- Just adding the Research Papper URL on README.md

README.md, after:

# Ryūjin Protector

**Ryūjin Protector** is an open-source Bin2Bin obfuscation, protection, and DRM tool for Windows PE binaries targeting the Intel x64 architecture (x86_64 only).

<p align="center">
  <img src="imgs/ryujinreadme.png" alt="Ryūjin Protector Banner" width="70%">
</p>

---
## Overview

Ryūjin is a research-grade protector and obfuscator built to explore Bin2Bin transformation techniques. It is suitable for security researchers, reverse engineers, anti-cheat and anti-tamper developers, and others studying binary protection. Ryūjin focuses on transforming binaries while preserving original program semantics.

---
## Features

- Junk code insertion and code mutation (randomized while preserving original logic)
- IAT call access obfuscation (with obfuscated handler access)
- Random section naming (default: `Ryujin`)
- Mathematical operator virtualization (Ryūjin MiniVM)
- Mathematical operator virtualization with Hyper-V isolation (MiniVM + Hyper-V)
- Encrypted code sections (TeaDelKew algorithm)
- Anti-debug (user-mode and kernel-mode)
- TrollReversers (can induce BSOD during reversing attempts)
- Anti-dump protections
- Anti-disassembly and anti-decompiler techniques
- Memory integrity protection (CRC32-based)
- Custom pass support (includes **MBA-linear Obfuscation Pass** and community passes)
- And more, see the wiki for a complete list

---

## Demos and Presentations

Ryūjin is intended primarily as a study and research tool. Below are small demos showing a `main` function before and after a Ryūjin pass:

![Ryūjin Protector Demo](imgs/demo.png)

> This demo shows one feature; combining multiple features produces stronger obfuscation. See the Ryūjin Wiki for full examples and explanations.

### Modes of use

Ryūjin supports both CLI and GUI:

- **CLI:** Full functionality and advanced options for expert/research users.
- **GUI:** Simplified interface for quick runs (requires `wxWidgets`).

CLI demo:
![Ryūjin Protector Demo Console](imgs/demo2.png)

GUI demo:
![Ryūjin Protector Demo GUI](imgs/demo1.png)

**Input requirements:** a PE executable (EXE) for x64 and its PDB file containing symbols. The PDB is required to enable several transformation passes that rely on symbol information.

---
## Custom Pass Support

Ryūjin supports custom passes through a simple callback model. A custom pass receives a `RyujinProcedure` instance and can modify basic blocks, scopes, or other procedure-level structures.

Example callback signature:

```c++
void RyujinCustomPassDemo(RyujinProcedure* proc);
````

See the class definition here:  
**[RyujinProcedure.hh](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/blob/main/RyujinCore/Ryujin/Models/RyujinProcedure.hh).**

Example usage is included here:  
**[RyujinCustomPasses.hh](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/blob/main/RyujinConsole/RyujinConsole/RyujinCustomPasses.hh#L11).**

No additional configuration changes are required. `RyujinObfuscatorConfig` already exposes the settings needed to register and run custom passes.

---
## Ryūjin Bin2Bin Obfuscator Core - Structure/Design Diagram 

<div style="max-width:100%; max-height:600px; overflow:auto; border:1px solid #ddd; padding:4px;">
  <img src="Diagrams/ryujin_core.png" alt="Large view" style="display:block; max-width:none;">
</div>

---
## Dependencies

Install dependencies via [Microsoft vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg):

```bash
vcpkg install asmjit
vcpkg install zydis
vcpkg install z3
```

Recommended versions for a consistent build environment:

```
asmjit:x64-windows - 2024-06-28
zycore:x64-windows  - 1.5.0
zydis:x64-windows   - 4.1.0
z3:x64-windows      - 4.13.0
```

Optional dependency for the GUI:

- `wxWidgets` - obtain from [https://wxwidgets.org/downloads/](https://wxwidgets.org/downloads/)

---
## Research Paper

> To better understand Ryūjin, please read the research paper below:
[**Ryūjin - Writing a Bin2Bin Obfuscator from Scratch for Windows PE x64 and Fully Deobfuscating It**](https://keowu.re/posts/Ry%C5%ABjin---Writing-a-Bin2Bin-Obfuscator-from-Scratch-for-Windows-PE-x64-and-Fully-Deobfuscating-It)

---
## Getting Started

For usage examples, flags, advanced options, and full explanations of each feature, see the   
[Ryūjin Wiki](https://github.com/keowu/Ryujin/wiki/Ry%C5%ABjin-Wiki).

---
## License

**TODO**
